I had a date with a boy, but I didn't feel liked, and didn't go, á I wasn't home purposely at the time we arranged.
When I secretly tried smoking for the first time, being 12 years á old.
Once, my friend and I went to the Tai 60 to cycle.  My mother had á told me not to go.  Unfortunately I broke my pectoral girdle and á had to go to hospital.  When my mother  came to see me I felt á guilty as I had not listened to her and I had to soon sit for a á public examination.
When I crashed by bike into an old lady crossing a road and á knocked her down.
I slammed my little brother into a wall because he was bothering á me.
When my boyfriend was away, I flirted with his best friend; I á felt guilty the next day.
When being illoyal (disloyal) to people close to me. Had such an á episode with my sister, who should have received my support and á attention.
I was travelling in a bus from school going home for holiday. In á the bus unfortunately I stepped on a bag in which there were á delicate things.
I was very angry with a girlfriend for interferring a little too á much with my personal affairs. I told her so rather strongly and á she started crying.
At the age of 12 (or so) I stole from a Ranger's fruit tree an á apple. (And eventually was compelled to confess - Dostoersky á would like this).
I took my grandmother's money without telling her and when asked á if it was me who had taken the money, I denied it.
Not handing in homework in time.
I was using my sister's stereo while everyone was out. I know she á wouldn't want me to and I would get into trouble if she found á out. But she was only partly justified in forbidding me to use á it. She never found out.
When I was about 17 years old and I stole some pens from a á stationery store because I didn't have enough money.
When I was a child I used to play with my cousin gushing wather á to each other in front of the door of my house. One day we á decided to gush with on a passing car. The driver stopped and á went to discuss with my mother and my aunt that were there.
Guilty when I hadn't walked my dog for quite a few days and had á given her no attention.
I beat my young sister because she refused to wash plates. She á started crying and I felt sorry and guilty for what I did.
I was supposed to fetch some friends at the bus stop, but I did á not do it because my father was in a bad mood and I was afraid á that he would grumble.
Fight with my mate after a quarrel.
I felt guilty when I thought that I was still not standing on my á own feet.
In an exam I answered the questions rather carelessly and á afterwards I thought that the exam would have been better had I á answered more carefully.
Not applicable to myself.
[ Never felt guilty, as I have never done anything which could á make me feel guilty.]
I was to inform the neighbour on my left that a robber had been á spotted the same evening near the house of the neighbour in front.  á I did not do it and the same day the thieves broke into this á neighbour's house.
One day at school I had quarrelled with a school-mate, and á ultimately I had hit him hard.  He, being physically weak had to á visit his doctor and remain absent from school for two days.
Finding out that I have misunderstood other people.
I told my pesent boyfriend that I was an Australian as are my á parents. As the relationship developed I found it harder and á harder to confess and became sure it would end our relationship. á He eventually found out when told in front of me by my mother.
I told my parents (or more realistically) would not do what they á wanted me to do anymore. I guess I sort of betrayed them after á all they had done for me.
When my parents fight lots of time, when I'm the reason of the á fight, I feel guilty.
A friend of mine trusted me to back her in a decision she had á made.  But when the moment came I did not agree with her opinion.
When I unjustly accused a person of my family of something she á didn't really do.
When I am in an environment or with a person much worse off than á me, I realize how privileged I am.
NO RESPONSE.
I was late meeting someone for an appointment.
When I lied last week. I lied to someone to get info. for a á paper I was writing. I told her that the info. was for a á newspaper article. I was afraid if I told the truth she wouldn't á help me.
I was at school and afterwards went to work. After work I went to á see a friend and stayed out late. when I got home my mother was á awake and I felt guilty.
I had been on friendship with a certain girl for sometime and the á love was going on well, but it happened that I made the á friendship come to an end suddenly without good reasons.
Missing lectures and avoiding university work for no reason when á it had to be done.
In adolescence I had a very violent fight with my sister I hold á her stong in her neck, she had a throat surgery what make me feel á guilty about the future reactions she might had injuring the á surgery.
I felt guilty when I learnt that some of friends found the á finished at the Cafeteria because I took food which was more than á my share.
Forgetting a close friend's birthday.
Not handing in homeworks in time.
When I was starting in romance with my husband, we went out to á curt, and we stayed in the car "making love". At the time I was á seventeen and I was very immature until a day I lost my á virginity.
I was caught stealing a box of matches in the supermarket and had á to plead guilty.
After days or weekends where I did not accomplish the amount of á sudying that I wanted to because of more pleasant activities á which come up.
When I was afraid to tell my sports teacher at secondary school á that I had not participated in the sports activities the previous á day.
When I had to lie to my boyfriend so that he wouldn't suspect I'd á bought him a xmas present as expensive as I had.
When I forgot to take out money for my mother. She asked me what á she would do, because I had messed up her program for the á following day.
Accidentally dropped a friends camera flash, so that it was á broken.
When my parents work very hard and get tired - while I go to á school and study instead of helping them. I feel that I'm letting á them down, disappointing them.
I'm allergic to most foods - eating something that I'm allergic á to caused guilt.
Facing the possibility of having a child when it wasn't either á desired or permitted.
A person misinterpreted what I had told her. I had told her that á I had failed to insert a NasoGastric tube but she went and á scolded the patient that she was being uncooperative.
I had to take care of the plants of a friend of mine for several á weeks. I watered them, but let them stand in a cold room so that á two of them perished.
Classes were over and I wanted to go home.  A friend of mine á asked me to wait for half an hour to take him back home.  I said á no.
I had planned a trip to the South during Easter, together with a á friend. She was very sorry when I changed my mind and decided not á to go after all.
[ Generally when I am shopping I feel like I were guilty of all á the thefts through the year (I have never stolen).]
During a ski tour with a friend, we two had drunk too much. When á we went down the slope on ski, I lost my friend who had lost his á way. I thought that something must have happened to him (he á finally arrived but after a very long time).
Guilt conscious struck me when I failed my Standard Two á Examinations in 1972. I knew that I would suffer the consequences á of what I had been doing during class hours: thus playing with á friends and sometimes not even going to school.
Describing to mother how a hole in the wall had appeared while I á was babysitting.
When I stared to much at a pastry that a woman was eating and at á the same instant the pastry felt on the floor.
Shouting at my parents because I was angry about something else.
My grandmother wanted me to help her. I was driving a tractor á pulling a dead branch off a tree. I told her she didn't respect á me.
I felt guilt when I betrayed the person whom I loved.
I got angry at my mother for something trivial.  We were in a á bad mood because my father was very ill and I knew that my mother á really needed support.  I had reacted wrongly.
I failed to complete a working task within the agreed time.
Stealing money from a milk token jar from a close friend of the á family when visiting.
Beating my brother up.
Two timing - going out with 2 guys at once (secretly).
Having an affair with my good friend's best friend. And every time á I see my best friend I feel guilt because we can't tell him.
Boyfriend doing cleaning in situation where it was my job to do á it. Later snapped at him over trivial thing. He looked downcast. á I felt guilty - "he's just done all that work for me".
During class one day I walked out of the class.  The á teacher noticed it and decided that he would take some action á against me, when I realized this I approached him and told him á that I was sorry for the incident and would not repeat it.
Did not read reference when other people read them.
I lost a conference because I hadn't got in touch with a certain á person to inform her that I would go with her. I thought she knew á what I wanted.
I forgot my mother's and sister's birthdays (they fall on the á same day).
When I betrayed my former girlfriend.
I was at a boarding school during my primary school days. I was á broken so I pretended I was very sick. My father came and he á picked me up. He spent a lot of money on medical expenses which á all proved to be negative.
Remembering (at the time I did not feel guilt) in recent yrs. how á angry I would get when I was babysitting my new brother and he á would not stop crying. I did not do anything harmful or shocking. á But I feel guilty for treating him the way I did especially á since I adore him now. That's why I spoil him now.
Yesterday I broke my sister's raio. She hears it always when she á has school examinations and now she has examinations.
At my native place I was riding my cycle, which did not have á lights, at night and so a police man caught me.  I requested him á to let me go but he would not so after a few minutes I just á escaped.
When I knew that my niece did a bad schoolar examination because á I couldn't explain her the lesson.
When my father and I worked on the house just after he had á recovered from illness, I was rather lazy.  This meant that he á had to work hard and was not very well later.
Doing something wrong at home, and then letting my (normally) á more rampant brother take the blame.
I work at a commercial house from 7 to 10 a.m. On a very cold day á in winter I was late - and let a fellow worker stand in the cold á for half an hour.
I spent all weekend with a friend instead of studying for my á exams.
A few lies that I had indulged in, a few years ago, while raising á loans from my friends.
Once, when I arrived home very late, my parents had an argument á because of this; my mother wanted to stand up for me.
[ Never experienced.]
When I robbed a loop in supermarket.
Forgot to turn up on prescribed day for jury service.
When I was involved in a car crash.
Feeling helpless, not being able to accomplish what I really á wanted to do.
When I made a mistake at work and when questioned about it á pretended I had nothing to do with the problem.
No ideal result in the University entrance examn, guilty to á family and friend.
I borrowed a friend's books and forgot I had them, she asked for á them back and I told her I didn't have them. I duly found and á returned them.
Not handing in homeworks in time.
When I slapped a nephew who did something that I considered á wrong, and I was reprehended for this.
When in the initial interview for the recruiting, I don't know why, á I accepted to do the test for army.
When I stole something.
Breaking the left hand indicator box by moving too close to á structure.
I went to a friend's baptism as she became a Christian after me á and I realized that she was more enthusiastic about her spiritual á life than I was.  When I was with my brothers and sisters of á Christ I had a guilty feeling which could not be dismissed á easily.  When pepole asked me as to when I would be baptised my á guilt feeling deepened.
Promised to do something for other people and did not do it.
I've always defended my sister when needed, at the expense of my á brother. This has led to feelings of guilt towards him.
Borrowing a car, and then having a minor accident (breaking a á headlight).
When I insulted an elderly person for no reason.
I was not able to explain well to my good friend to make him less á angry.
A young girl tried to put an end to her life because of lover's á grief; not until she was in hospital I heard that I had been the á reason for her action.
While playing a ball game, I made a mistake and we lost the game.
When my aunt took her own life, I felt guity for not á understanding that she needed support.
Someone asked me to do something and I made up an excuse and said á no. I then went and didn't the same thing with someone else and á hoped the first person never found out.
When I deny something to my sister and after a while I feel sorry á and try to bypass the situation.
When I and the boy next door set fire to a house by accident.
A person I was attracted to walked me home in the rain and got á sick.
My cousin knocked on the door, looking for me to get her watch á back.  I had given it to my girlfriend, Lizzy, as a present.
Sleeping through crew practice one Monday morning.
We had a day off from school. Instead of helping my mother with á her job, I stayed in bed all day.
The first time I went away with my boyfriend and lied about where á we were staying.
Arguing with my younger cousin.  She is rather a nuisance but I á felt sorry.
I mangled the side of my dad's van on a fence. I did not realize á the extent of the damage until he showed it to me the next day. á The shock on my face was genuine so a friend interceded with a á good excuse which I did not deny. I never clarified the á situation.
When one lets friends down
When I got low marks in the final year B.Sc exams, I felt guilty á as I had not worked hard because I had been roaming around with my á  friends.
When I copy someone else's problem set.
I dated another boy several times, when I was still "going with" á my former boyfriend. This made me feel a little bit guilty towards á my friend.
When my sister had the opportunity to do some modelling work. And á I was quite jealous - later on the photographer decided not to á take her photograph, and she was very upset - I felt guilty as a á result, almost as if I had caused her to lose her opportunity, by á not being genuinely happy for her in the first place.
I forgot to lock the outside door at my Land Lady's place.
Telling white lies.
Once while playing tennis with my classmate I lost a few tennis á balls.  I found one near the tennis court and took it to be mine á despite thinking that it might belong to the student in the next á court.  I felt guilty.  Later someone came to me to claim the á ball and I gave it back to him.
When I let a person assume a fault that I committed.
I got into a bad fight in a bar and my friend received a bad cut á above his left eye while trying to separate us.
I felt guilty when I mislead a person into thinking he was a á close friend when that person was more of a casual acquaintance.
When caught shop-lifting as for shame.
The day I decided to get out of my house I saw in my brother's á eyes that they blamed me for the situaiton.
I was said to be responsible for my mother getting ill and á growing thin. I did not realize that it really was my fault until á several weeks later.
Two-timing - going out with person other than guy I was in á relationship with.
When something went wrong for me I lashed out at someone else á whom I loved and who was not in any way responsible for what had á happened (my sister).
Said something I should not have said in public.
Telling a lie to wife over phone about what I had been working á at.
Make a mistake, offended my friend.
When a patient had died soon after I had told the guardian to á wait outside the ward.
I live with my boyfriend, we have a close relationship, I fell in á love with another man.
Some students have been calling lecturers nicknames and I was not á able to find out who they were to stop them.
I had parked in a corner, and when I was going out I didn't watch á if another car was coming and went out. The car that was coming á was obliged to stop suddenly. It didn't crash but for a little.
I felt very guilty when I tried to teach swimming to my younger á brother, as I myself could not swim very well and my brother á had started sinking to the bottom, however my elder brother á saved him.
When I was taking the 11th standard exam, my friend who was sitting á behind me asked me for some answers.  The teacher looked at us á just then and scolded both of us.  Everyone started looking at us á and I felt very guilty.
Not getting an airplane ticket fot my mother.
When I took away my best friend's boyfriend.
I spend the night with my boyfriend, while there was also a á friend of his. We all lay on the floor to sleep. When my á boyfriend was fallen asleep the other boy and I started petting. á After 15 minutes I felt miserable and awoke my boyfriend to tell á him that.
My girlfriend's results in school had become worse because I á prevented her from learning (we often went out etc.).
I said nasty things which I did not mean to a friend.
When I was 4-5 years old my mother gave me some parts of a á chocolate bar and ordered me to bring it to my father working á outside. On my way I could not resist the temptation and ate it á myself.
I felt guilty when I read an advertisement for a job as a chemist á in the newspaper and when my friend asked me if I had applied for á that job, I told him that I had not even seen the paper of that á day.
When I was a little girl about eight years old I broke the bey á from a closed. Mother asked who did it. I said that it wasn't me, as á I almost never lied, and my brother did it more frequently in á spite my brother denieing it my mother gave him a few slaps.
I chatted up with a girl who I didn't love. She however was á fallen in love with me. I felt responsible for her sorrow.
I broke off with my partner as I wanted him as a friend and not á as a lover.  He reacted very violently and I felt guilty as I á had made him so desperately unhappy.
One day I shouted at my brother who didn't do any wrong to me á only that I had a disappointment from a friend and projected it á on to him. He cried and I felt guilty after sometime.
When my boyfriend asked me to go out with him and I refused á because I wanted to go out with another guy.  I did go out and my á boyfriend found out.
Not being able to help my friend.
Broken a friend's cup.
I wanted to finish a relationship after 3 months. Unfortunately á my friend had a different opinion. I could not answer his á feelings this made him unhappy, and me feel guilty.
I was driving my parents' car into a carpark in front of a shop á we own, and scraped the corner of the front panel on the back á corner of my father's utility. I didn't tell anyone, I lied about á the bump (later I had to confess).
Did not pick up a water mellon skin, someone slipped on it.
I felt guilty when I heard the results of my friend, who had á failed.  I wished that I had helped him.
When my ex-husband left our house, and the children cried because á he was not coming back.
It happened when I still went to school: I got closer to a girl á but I considered it only as an "affair". Only much later I realized á how painful this must have been for the girl.
When my father (physically handicapped) asks me to do something á and I raise several objections. Often I can fix it in few á moments.
I broke a cup and put it back without telling anyone about it and á someone almost got blamed for it, then it was discovered that it á was me who had broken it.
A friend of mine said in a group that she felt lonely and á withdrawn from everyone because of mental deficiency.
I felt guilty when I couldn't help a person.
My mother accused me of not visiting her enough when she was in á hospital for an eye operation.
Thinking about other things in a lecture.
I experience feelings of guilt because I do not study enough.
Having been angry and unpleasant towards my parents.
I felt guilty the other day because I took two pieces of bread á instead of one in the Cafeteria and some of the girls were short á of bread.
When the student union leaders were expelled from the university á and we continued to study.
I did not reply to my friend's letter in time.
When I answered to my mother with rudeness.
One night I did not come home without telling my parents and I á did not want to speak about it afterwards. My mother cried. I had á a bad conscience and felt guilty.
Squeezed the puppy in the door.
When I told a person something that had happened to my friend, á and this person went and told my friend.
When I made love with a girl, which I don't really love. However á I know that she loves me.
I was spending a few days at my aunt's place.  One night I got á home very late, I had told them I was going to a party but I went á to another place.  They were very worried.
I allowed my little brother to clean the bathroom in his own way. á My mother came and saw the floor overflowed with water, slapped á my brother in the face and told him to go to bed immediately.
After a courtship of three months I made an end to it. The boy á was very sad about this.
When I beat up a stupid boy who was fond of cracking jokes on me.
When my Bictorian "friend" was staying at my house we ere going á places together, and sleeping together. At the time I had a á boyfriend locally. The first time I had to face him after á sleeping with the guy from Melbourne I felt very guilty.
[ No response.]
I did not do my homework and went to see a film.
When I had sufficient amount of money, I brought more clothes for á myself than for the children - I  felt bad about it.
When I argue with my sister.  It feels sometimes that I have the á upper hand and I use it.  I often argue better and this makes her á terribly angry.
During the military service, I lost a part of an equipment; I á accused another person and he was rebuked and punished.
[ I can positively say that I have never done anything that made á me feel guilty.]
When I decided my first marriage had ended, and left with the á child. I felt overwhelmed by guilt as I was separating mother and á child.
When a mistake occurred at work which I was not responsible for.  á This was disclosed later.
When I applied for a false travelling claim allowance and later I á thought that I would be found out.
When I see that my mother forces my little brother (15 years) to á work very hard for school. I don't agree that she constantly puts á him to work, but I don't tell it to her, so nothing changes.
When I felt I had let my parents down, especially my mother, by á having sexual intercourse for the first time, and a few times á after that. Also, when I went on the Pill.
Mentioning a book to the person who borrowed it.
I had not done my assignment seriously.  I only pretended to á finish the work as the work did not have any meaning for me.  The á whole thing made me feel guilty.
When I flew out to my mother and made rude remarks because I felt á so tense (studied too hard for an examination).
[ Can not think of anything.]
When I realised that I had rejected a boy, who was fallen in love á with me, rather bluntly four times.
Two days after the above incident, I was thinking about my á morally shameful act and I felt sorry for that incident, but it á was too late, however I did realize this.
Too busy to write letters to friends and they said I had á forgotten about them.
Inventing a fictitious series of events, as a result of which I á ended up in a conflict with my two closest friends.
A friend wanted to give me a surprise into my room and I thought á she was stealing from the room.
After a quarrel with my mother in which matters were "inflated" á enormously.
My friend did not do well in the examn because I did not help á him.
When my nephew asked me to tell him a story and I simply did not á have the energy or the will.  When I saw his disappointment I was á terribly guilty and read a story to him after all.
Telling my parents that I did not get into a good university.
My girlfriend and I agreed to go to the cinema. However I á completely forgot our appointment. I remembered it two hours á too late when I went to visit her.
Some time ago I took the driving test. I did answer the á theoretical questions very well, but I failed the practical á driving test. It was my fault because I had not enough practice.
I am not good enough to join any team to play sport for the á class.
When I insulted my young sister for a very little misconduct of á putting on my shoes. She wrote me an apology letter and the á message she included made me feel guilty.
When I forced a close friend of mine to ask a girl things about á herself.
I was living at home during the Summer vacations and towards the á end decided to take some of my clothes and other belongings to á the appartment in Guttenburg.  When I had finished I went to my á ex-boyfriend's (relationship uncertain) home and stayed there á till 5 A.M.  I had to leave then as my parents needed the car for á work in the morning.  My parents do not like my boyfriend.
When I tell someone no. In other words when I refuse to do á something although I could have helped him.
Due to a misunderstanding on my part, two of my best friends á quarelled.
[ When excuses are necessary and I get out of doing it myself.]
NO RESPONSE.
Whenever I see poverty and starvation. I live in an affluent á society and am privileged to have many opportunities.
Heard that my girl-friend was chosen for the English lectures and á I was not. I lost my temper and she is very upset now.
My mother wants to talk very often about her life. I dislike this á because she always talks negatively about the same people á whatever I do it doesn't help.
About the girl (22 years, married) I felt guilty of the á relationship.
I came home from a discotheque at half past four in the morning, á although I had promised my parents to come home at midnight. From á 3 a.m. I felt guilty towards my parents.
My mom told me not to gamble, but I did anyway. Sometimes I would á even take some money from my parents and brother. She found out á and yelled at me.
My baby sister was 2-3 months old and when I was trying to get á her on my back, she slipped and fell.
Failed to do what I had promised.
Due to laziness, I failed the term studies completely at á University.  I also wanted, to some extent, to protest against my á parents' expectations.
I had made an appointment with a girl to go to the movies, but á actually I had no mind when we arrived at the cinema, it was a á full house. I then went back and she went to the movie alone.
The fridge we had at home had a lock.  One day when I wanted á something, I unscrewed the door but unfortunately I was caught in á the act.
When my father had a serious fight with my sister, because of me.
I felt guilty when I once went out with another boy and made love á with him while I had a close boyfriend.
Not helping other people to do their homework.
I was to prepare relish for the family. I overcooked it and no á one liked the meal that day.
I called off a relationship with one girl so I could see another.
Not collecting letters for my friend al I promised.
That I didn't want my friend to leave on holiday for 10 days á because I thought I would miss him. I was constantly trying to á persuade him.
I moved to Nijmegen for my study. Soon after this my mother had á to be admitted in hospital because of cardiac compliants. I knew á that my moving was an important reason for this.
When my husband discovered I was having an affair with another á man.
A kitten had wandered into our office, and I was told to take it á back across the street. When I crossed back, the kitten followed á me and was run over and killed by a car.
I took my father's car to church one Sunday (I told them that's á where I was going ) I decided instead to go for a drive to the á beach - on the way I got a puncture.
I broke the gutar of a colleague but as it happened in a moment á when nobody was present I could escape from the guilt.
When I did not go to work because I had to study for a midterm.
I let my pet budgie loose to fly around my room one afternoon. A á few hours afterwards I found he was still free, went in and out á of my room leaving the door open. My cat got in and killed my á budgie - this happened to 3 budgies.
My brother and I were at home watching a TV program when I á started to tease  him and in this joke I hurt him without á knowing the seriousness of it I went on. He got angry and gave it á back to me. At this moment I felt anger at him but knowing that á it was my fault.
Adolescent guilt growing up feeling "bad, immoral" sexual á desires, some 10yrs ago.
I failed to show up at an agreed date.
I kicked the chair in the classroom to express my anger.
I went shopping with my mother and sister (17 years old). Mother á always told my sister what she should buy. Instead of assisting á my sister in defending herself against mother's interference, I á just behaved aggressively towards my sister.
About not helping my sister when she asked me to help her on her á chemistry class. I pretended to be busy.
Wrongly accused a classmate.
Attending to a demand made by a client (I work in a bank) I á suggested her an application of money in a week ahead, but I á informed her wrongly. The client arrived a week after and the á application wasn't made and she lost with this a lot of time and á money.
A friend of mine shot himself through the head after having told á me and others that he would do so.
In a playground I was playing at the seesaw with a little niece. á I wanted to stop but nobody came to help me. When I got off, all á alone the seesaw fell down with a big smash. My niece got hurt á above her eye. Now there is a scar.
A friend of mine had the sleeves of a leather coat stolen from á his car.  It was me who had left them there for everyone to see.
I used to have two boyfriends in the past. Then one of them á wanted to get engaged to me. I agreed but was guilt-conscious for á disappointing the other one.
When I was a kid I stole toys from other kids.
When quarreling with friends.
I felt guilt towards my mother when I went to live on rooms in á Nijmegen where I study.
The night of a high school dance, I went partying and collided á with another car. Both cars were totalled; people were injured á but not seriously.
In neglecting some work that had to be done around the house and á telling my roommate I would get it done.
[ No response.]
A friend came to visit me and I was not there.
I felt guilty when I "stole" the boyfriend of a friend of mine.
Forgot to collect post for a friend.
When I finished a test type of exam and did not dare to answer á any question, I doubted whether I would pass the exam  or not.
I borrowed my classmate's notebook one week before the á examination and I promised to give it back to her in two days á time.  I was very busy at that time and forgot many things; as I á was not very often at home she could not contact me.  When I á started my revision I realized that her notebook had been on my á desk for five days.  I contacted her immediately and gave it back á to her.  Though she did not say anything I felt very guilty.
I hit my little sisiter on the head with a stone while we were á fighting.
Peeping.
I had to call somebody between 12 and 12:30. As I had no á possibility to call him at this time, I did not do it until 3 á p.m.
When my ex-boyfriend didn't want to sleep with me anymore and I á insisted. We made love but he felt very badly and I felt guilty.
A boy who shot dead a squirrel.
After closing the front door I realized that I had left the key á inside the house. I felt even more guilty since it was not my own á house but the house of people I hardly knew.
I was out with a friend in a place where it was very, very busy. á When we wanted to go I bumped a person, who dropped his glass á beer I offered a new one but he didn't accept it.
I felt guilty when I had refused to lend money to my friend who á needed it immediately.
Telling friends about your nickname.
When some housemen told me a young girl like you should not be á allowed to lecture to consultants, I was too shy to argue against á them.
When my niece was 3 years old she was in the living room while we á were fixing the table for a birthday party and, as every child, á she couldn't stay calm. She burst a balloon. When I told her to á be quiet her father pinched her. I believe if I hadn't said anything á this wouldn't have happened.
My mother always took my side. That brought about quarrels with á my father. I knew she didn't like that and I felt very sorry for á that.
Calling lecturers nicknames when talking to housemen (They told á ne you are even younger than they are so you should not be giving á public lectures).
Not being able to help my friend to study English.
Hurt someone's feelings unintentionally.
I had a girlfriend which I used to call regularly. Then I didn't á phone her for a while. At a certain moment I felt a little á tension which became worse.
Getting a D in a class last semester and knowing it was because I á didn't study.
When I didn't pass the examinations for FUVEST I felt myself á guilty for I should have studied. I had the opportunities, and á I drew them out.
I bumped my dad's car in a lamp post.  He was not at home then, á neither was he home when I left for the campus.  I did not tell á him about the accident and I will never tell him.
When I was young I felt guilty because I thought that I had á commited a grave sin.
After a terrible quarrel with my family, I withdrew in my room. I á felt guilty because I had caused this scene by my aggressive á behavior.
I thought that I could have avoided the above situation (the one á in fear) if I had concentrated more on my work, which I hate.
When I took a car which was not mine, and suddenly it stopped á working.
I experience a sense of guilt as my middle son cannot express á himself like other children, neither verbally nor in writing.
When I met another person I began to go out with him, and my á boyfriend (with marriage accorded) met us together he did a great á scandal, he broke the engagement and I began to go out with the á other, and it didn't work because my mind was all mixed up.
I borrowed my friend's radio cassette and the plug cracked and á some pieces broke off when the plug dropped off my hands.
After moving out of my apt. I took all the furniture and dishes á and everything. It was mine but I took it all just to spite my á roomies. We had a few (a lot) of disagreements. I felt guilt for á moving out for the bad reasons.
I am not good enough for your experiment I am doing.
Having failed to help with the 5th of March arrangements (Women's á Day), although I had previously promised to take part in the á work.
I ran over my dog with a bicycle when I was carrying him tied to á the handle bar.
When I shout at a colleague in classroom.
When I wished secretly and lied to a friend of mine because I á didn't want her to stay in my house on the beach (as she always á does), and wouldn't stick on me.
Car accident. I let a 16-year old, incompetent parson take the á wheel and I feel very guilty about what happened even though I á suffered the worst injuries.
I offended my mother.
When I promised a male friend of mine to visit him, and did not.
The death of my father made me feel quite guilty, because my á attitude towards him had been cold and indifferent.
Not being able to spend more time with a friend who was visiting á me.
A parking fine.
We had promised, with a friend of mine, to take our friends to a á restaurant and after having looked for a place for hours without á finding one, and not being helped by the others we had to give up á the idea.
When I could not complete my assignment on time.
After confronting the person who stood me up, I blew up and said á all the wrong things.
I didn't give back in time some money that I had borrowed. My á friend relied on them.
I got back too late after a Sunday going out without having á called up home to tell where I was. my mother hadn't slept the á whole night.
Decided at the last minute not to do something that I said I á would do with a person.
Not acting on my promise.
My mother developed hipertonia and I think I too am to blame á bacause with her it is a stress disease.
When I became angry at my boyfriend without any reason. I know he á cannot bear me being angry at him and that he can't study anymore á then.
After yelling at my girlfriend, I felt bad because she was ? á crying and upset.
I lost my self-control and raised my voice at a child.
Some time ago I slapped my son without trying to understand who á the real culprit of a damage was. After that I felt guilty and á bad but it was too late.
I felt guilty when once I made my mother angry.
Once I was not able to give a relative, who was in a critical á period, a helping hand.  Whenever I think about it I feel guilty  á for letting down the person who trusted me to give him a helping á hand.
It was my turn to cook dinner.  I forgot a dish (the favourite of á the family) in the oven and it got burnt and was uneatable.
I met my ex boyfriend by chance.  We separated a few months ago á and I am now with a new boyfriend.  My ex boyfriend looked á depressed, and I know I am not to be blamed.
One of my pupils escaped from school to the street.
I am not doing what I should with this questionnaire.
When I was face to face with my deceived friend after sleeping á with his wife.
When I do not put in the needed amount of hours of work or study á for the day, I feel guilty and try to make up for the lost á time.
I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.
When I shouted and quarrelled and for no reason I had been rude to my á mother and when my behaviour had been influenced by other outward á factors.
When my uncle found me having sexual intercourse with a distant á relative of mine in the sitting room, on the couch.  I failed to á stop and get up, I carried on.
Promising to do a task for a friend and just forgetting about it.
I ignored and offended my parents on the eve of the New Year.
Years ago I ran away from home which disappointed my parents.
[ I felt guilt when I was not co-operative with my mother for my á exam.]
A borrowed car broke down while I was using it.  It was not my á fault, nevertheless I felt guilty.
At secondary school, one of my classmates lost her locker key.  á During a class I saw two other classmates holding a key and á talking secretly.  I do not know why I suspected them, also á another classmate supported me.  He remembers that these people á had only one key in the key-ring, this had seemed strange to him. á  Besides another classmate said that he had seen them selling á books at a book-shop and they should not have had such books.  I á told the teacher and the person was caught.  He had sold the á books and was forced to quit school.  I found that I had not á helped him as he stole later on also.  I felt guilty
I feel this feeling most often before me not before the others. á My outside is iron but actually I'm wasting away.
I had enough time to do my assignment, and I did not do it well.  á When the lecturer scolded me, I had this feeling.
Insulting other people.
Adultery with a friend's girlfriend.
When I was in the fifth class the rating was done in our á mark-books. I hadn't been examined yet but I had heard from my á classmates about the scolding they had got at home. My first á mark was in geography - good 4. I judged I had known for more á than that and I put down "very good" for fear of being scolded. á Naturally my parents guessed all about it. They rebuked me for á what I had done.
My grandmother has been in a hospital for a week and I still á haven't had time to see her.
[ Whenever I do something prohibited or wrong I feel guilty.]
It was my mother's birthday. My father and I used to buy a á present together. However, now I had bought something together á with my girlfriend and I forgot to ask my father.
Being miserable in a party when other people are friendly and á happy.
I felt guilty last year during the winter term exams. A colleague á of mine asked me to give him my lecture notes (I had very good á notes and I had passed my exam in advance) but I still don't know á why I didn't give them to him. That colleague failed and he was á on the verge of not passing it at the supplementary examinations.
When I did not defend my close friend when my father degraded á him. I felt guilty for allowing my father to get away with his á actions and for the hurt my friend felt. I cleared the matter up á with my father a few weeks later.
When I think about my family (parents, brothers, sisters) guilt á is a part of my feelings.
When I lied to my mum, who later came to know that what I had á been teling her was false.
When my aunt went out of her way to help me out with my financial á problems.
I got 100 FIM too much when I changed money at the bank.  They á soon called me at my job and the situation was embarrasing for á me.
When I hurt my parents in one way or another.
The cat of my landlady escaped through the window which I had á left open.
I destroyed my step-brother's bedsheets by mistake, they were the á only ones he had.
When my grandfather was in a nursing home when I was young I never á wanted to go and sometimes didn't have to and later I felt á guilty.
I felt guilty after getting really angry with a friend and having á an argument. I was being stubborn and proud, and selfish, because á my friend let me down, through no fault of her own.
I had undertaken to help my sister for her class work but some á unexpected circumstances prevented me from doing that.
I did not go to the exercises, without any adequate reason.
I was the reason behind the break-up of my friend's relationship á with his girlfriend.  She finished with him.
Falling in love with a close friend.
I felt guilty after I battered to death a classmate of mine.
I was caught doing something bad and I bribed the person who á caught me.  Later I felt very bad, maybe I should have paid for á my bad behaviour.
I didn't keep a promise I had made to a man, and in this way I á lost his esteem and confidence in me. I caused him a lot of á trouble.
I was working as a secretary.  My boss was to go to give a á lecture, and wanted me to give him the exact address of the á place.
Forgot to give a present to my little nephew.
I felt guilt because on account of my ambitions I nearly turned á my sister out of my parents home.
While travelling in a bus with an invalid ticket, I got caught.
Recently when I made a slip and blurted out indecent words in my á mother's presence.
[ The day I have not worked (academic) hard enough.]
When my father's car got stolen from me. (A 1966 Ford Mustang - á very hard to replace).
When as a child I stole, from a friend of mine, the ring she had á got in an easter egg.
When I don't justify the confidence of people that I respect.
Not beeing able to stay with my mother for the National Day á holiday.
When my mother scolded me and I argued with her.
One day I went to see a movie without my parents permission.  It á was an adult movie and I was scared that my parents would not á allow me to see the movie.  However after coming home I felt very á guilty at what I had done.
When I complained about a colleague to the manager and he told á her that someone had complained; this colleague came to me á believing that I liked her.
Always, and this happens often when I do not keep my word.
I had to leave an important function early because of family á commitments. Someone else had to complete my job.
When I was young I stole something from a shop and got caught, á then I was taken to the police station and my parents had to come á and get me.
[ If one has planned to do something "important" and then, for á some reason, fails to do it.]
When before the last exam I have taken, I went out instead of á studying.
I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.
When I beat up my son for having beaten up his sister.
When I offend somebody unfairly.
Losing my temper to my sister.
I removed an article of clothing belonging to my employer while á in a position of trust.
I did not go to help a friend of mine, though she probably needed á me.
At a moment of affect I offended a person very close to me. He á had given me ground for that but it was a trifling in comparison á with the way I insulted him. A moment later I felt a sense of á guilt.
While having an argument with my daughter, I got angry and á over-excited and said angry words.
The day I came home drunk after having attended a disco party.
In some special circumstances l lied to my parents, then felt á guilty so I told them the truth and felt free.
It happens to me quite often. I can't describe a particular case.
Did not do what I promised to do for a friend.
Low evaluation of other people's cares.
When I noticed that my little sister was sulking, because I could á not meet her because of a misunderstanding.
When I did not succeed in finding a job after having finished a á nonacademic degree.
Once I lied to my parents and this made me feel very guilty.
Lack of respect for my parents.
Quite unconsciously I offended a girlfriend of mine. It was á really worthy to pass this fact over in silence, but I acted so, á because I believed I was right. In fact it often happens to me to á feel guilt, after I have already done the deed.
I hated you for not letting me go and found out that it was not á your decision.
Reported neighbour to police for taking to my daughter with á baseball ball - her counsellor rang me and after long talk á convinced me the woman was o.k. I felt guilty for ringing the á police then guilty for feeling guilty about it.
A lonely, neurotic, shy girl lives nearby. She has expressed a á wish to meet me, I have however avoided her (turned down an á invitation) as the crisis my partner is going through uses up all á my empathy.
I forgot to convey an important announcement.
When I fought with my friends.
When I have forgotten to warn somebody for something, or when I á have forgotten to bring something I have been asked for.
While trying to get my little brother over a ditch, he fell on á his head and started crying.  I was scared of having caused him á permanent injury.
Not being able to convince my class leader that my friend is á better than me to go to the English lectures.
When something unpleasant happens to a friend or relative of á yours and you are at the bottom of it.
When I went to my room-mate's drawer to see if she had an iron  á which I could use, she came in.  I felt guilty as she may have á thought that I had been stealing.
For example, when I have promised something but I haven't á fulfilled it.
When I offended my parents without wanting it.
I went to the cinema with my friends, without telling my mother á about it as I had been to the cinema the day before also.  When á she asked me where I had been, I lied.
[ No response.]
When I have been overhastingly offending or hurting.
I didn't attend lectures.
I hapened to overhear something which I was not meant to hear.
When I think that I have been too stict or narrow minded towards á my students.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
I had gone to see one of our professors about a book, and I did not á  attend the class she took a few minutes later.á
Some days ago I had a slight car accident through my fault.
I felt it when I came home after the examination session and I á said I had not passed my last exam.
When I moved away from home.
When I behaved improperly - fought in a public place.  á Afterwards, I felt guilty about my conduct.
Not being able to help my friend to do homework.
When I had had the possibility to act or to do certain activity á better but I had not done it because of reluctance or á carelessness.
A friend asked for help and I was not able to help.
When I could neither measure up to the expectations of the teacher á nor to my own expectations in one of the assignments.
Being rude to someone I do not like.
When I don't fulfill my obligations.
My father got a slight heart attack after a telephone call of á mine.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
When I was baby-sitting at my cousin's place, I tried to have a á pleasant time and did not really take care of the child.  I do á not care very much about children.
I had been guilty of gossiping and blaming others, and one of my á superiors at the workplace made a formal reprimand.
In a fit of temper I told things that were unjust and they á greatly hurt my mother though she didn't show it.
My roommate got married and invited me to share a flat with them. á But with a young couple there should not be a third person. I am á to blame for not following the advise of the others, but it is á not late still.
Not handing in homework in time.
One night during dinner my nephew was naughty, so I quarrelled with my  á parents.   I regreted this as my nephew was only two years old and I  á had to tolerate him !  The quarrel made my father think that his children  á may not take care of him in the future (it was a slip of the tongue and  á this made me realize that my father keeps his thoughts to himself).  I was  á still very angry so I dropped my bowl and chopsticks and went to the kitchen  á to drink tea and then ran to the other side of the house.
My son drank four pills of diazepam every two hours instead of á amidophen.
When I was caught stealing mangoes in a certain compound.
Passing by a good friend's home without coming in to visit him.
When I had to go to reconciliation before converting to á Catholicism but then once received - o.k.
I forgot about a close relatives's birthday.
The same event described under "shame".
Not helping parents enough at home and at the farm - this has á happened many times.
During 7th grade our class mobbed a famale teacher so badly that á she had a breackdown and was hospitalized.
This I experienced when going around with more than one girl.
When I provoked a fight with my mother, hurting her feelings very á much.
I stopped my car in front of a pedestrian crossing as a child was á crossing the street.  The car driving in the next lane did not á stop and the child got hurt.  Had I not stopped ...
When I realized that I was not working hard enough and was not á being useful as an individual to the society or the family, guilt á at spending money on uncalled for activities - in short wasting á my life.
Getting a friend an open container ticket because I got caught á speeding.
When I had to lie about my age to be accepted as a member of a á group.
The only guilt I considered reasonable was my reproval at the end á of the semester at the University.
Being aggressive against members of my family.
I lied to my mother in the sixth form she said she would ring to á find out and I had to tell her I had lied.
The greatest guilt I felt and I didn't know if it was really á justified is that when I was a child I had a brother very close á to me. He  became ill, and asked me to see  him in the hospital. á I didn't go, when his situation became worse in the U.I.T. (Unity á of intensive therapy) I went and he died.
Not finishing homework in time.
When I "passed out" a female friend of mine for no apparent á reason.  I was under the influence of drugs and when I am like á that I get mad at anyone, however small the provocation.
When I accepted a lunch invitation from a past male friend.
When my mother returned from a holiday, I told her a lie i.e my á father had brought another woman home while she was away.
I angered a close friend and he was injured.
Selling the appartment after my divorce.
It happens sometimes in connection with certain persons with whom á I have frequent relationships but nothing special.
When I made an excuse to get out of participating in an important á family occasion that I should not have missed.
I had not written to, or called my grandmother, who was lonely, á for a long time.  My mother asked me to call her on her behalf á and when I did so, my grandmother was delighted and she told me á that she had been waiting for some news from us.
When I did not give back a text book to a friend in time.
One day my mother forced me to eat more and I refused, the next á day she served me more rice and mutton pieces than usual.  When I á saw this I got very angry and scolded her, and refused to eat.  á Later I felt guilty and asked her to excuse me.
I am the secretary of an association, and during the last meeting á I forgot to take the minutes.
Having told a certain lie.
The same as in "shame".
This feeling comes frequently when I go out at night and tell my á mother that I shall come back early. But then I get home a 5 or 6 a.m.
This feeling of guilt really applies to moral/religious views. I á (being Catholic) went against what I was brought up to believe in á and had a sexual relationship with my boyfriend. Many months á later, when I was doing some deeper self analysis I began to feel á guilty and realized that I had gone against what I wanted for á myself and my future.
I dreamed that this girl and I were cuddling in bed when my á girlfriend walked in. I really love my girlfriend so I felt á guilty and sad. I know that this is a wierd example but the dream á and the feeling was clear to me as if it had really happened.
Made a mistake at work.
My mother wrote me and said that I would not writ enough letters á home.
When I realized that I had three more examinations to take.
Slept with someone close to my girlfriend and myself.
Lately I've felt guilty because I'm folling behind in my classes á and not studying much.
One evening I went out with some friends of mine, although I was á supposed to stay at home with my little sister who is 11.
I had promised to send something to a friend and it completely á slipped my mind.  I felt guilty for having forgotten.
The negative feelings towards me displayed by my á "parents-in-law".
[ No response.]
Making a sexual pass at my cousin with whom I have a very close á personal relationship.
I told someone that I still had a relationship with a boy á although it was finished already 3 months before. That person á seriously discussed several things relating that issue. Then I á felt very miserable because I had told lies.
Yelled at my parents for not buying me a car like other parents.
Gave the wrong meal tickets to other people (my classmate).
I felt guilty when I was robbed of a friend's radio at Lilongwe á bus depot after promising that I would keep it safe.
When I am dishonest to a friend to whom I am very close.  I á feel guilty because I know that he gives a different version of á the truth and I have not corrected these mistakes, and he is á aware that I know that they are wrong.
Not keeping a promise of delivering materials of great importance á to the receiver.
When I lied at home.   I told them that I was going to a á Christian meeting and I went to see my boyfriend instead.
One day my boyfriend put my hand on his penis and I felt well, á but after I felt a guilty conscience because I hadn't thought á about the consequences that this could have brought if I had gone á farther.
When I deliberately engineered a situation to cause tension á between friends so as to bolster the impression one of them had á of me !
While doing some calculation exercises, I neglected a part of it, á though I had marked it as done.  By chance, I was asked to á demonstrate this very part on the blackboard.
Going out with another girl besides my girlfriend and not telling á her.
A few days back a friend of mine had asked me to call on him on á Sunday.  I had accepted it but later did not go for no specific   á reason.  I just slept in my room.  The next day this friend called  á me up and told me that he had been expecting me the day before and á his wife had prepared a very good lunch for me, which had gone á waste.  I felt very bad about this incident and it has been á growing in my heart ever since.
Not noticing my roommates quietness or a sign of discomfort.
When my little brother asked me to play with him, I told him that á I had no time and that I would play with him the next day. á However, the next day I said the same thing.
A great friend of mine travelled with the intention to change his á life. He didn't succeed and returned depressed. I had not power á to support his frustration and his behavioral change.
When I masturbated in my room.
I crashed my father's car.
At times I have been attracted to conducts which are socially á degraded due to their ill consequences, and then I feel guilty.
When I betrayed my lover, she told me something in confidence, I á felt at the time I had to relay the information back to the á person concerned, as I felt the situation volitile, did this á without telling my lover, she felt like piggy in the middle, as á she was not directly concerned. Maybe you could call it gossip I á felt different after I had slept on it. If I had waited, thought, á NOW I would not have done it.
My daughter was a baby and was crying to be taken on my lap. I á felt very nervous and moved her away and went out. As soon as the á feeling of nervousness passed I was taken by an enormous feeling á of guilt, for having rejected my daughter.
I was talking to my mom on the phone and she told me that she had á just gotten an award that day in front of all these people and á she asked me if I wanted her to send me the article in the temple á newsletter to me. I said no very quickly and felt guilty for not á being more interested and hurting her feelings.
I was not able to help my sister to understand that her husband á is a bad man before she was married to him.
Had started a relationship and did nothing to keep it up, partly á the use of another person.
I felt that I contributed to a possible rift in the relationship á between a boy and girl soon to be married, in my flat after I á moved in. After stating my celibacy to him which she overheard á and didn't previously know about I suspect.
I always feel guilty when I see my mother sad or fed up with á life. I really dont know the reason.
When I arrived home late at night.  I know that my mother gets á worried and this made me feel angry.
When I fought with my sister and said that she had provoked this. á She was very seriously scolded.
Criticizing my mother when she refused to drive with the radio on. á I told her that I thought she wasn't intelligent enough to cope á with the radio.
Some boys told me your nickname is "Little Girl Doctor", I did á not tell them off and laughed with them.
[ No response.]
While intoxicated I damaged my sister's car in a minor way and á someone elses in a minor way.
When I gave in to what my wife wanted and locked the cat out, it á was killed by the dogs.
My sister forgot to bring presents for my birthday, I was rude to á her.
I often feel guilty, and it has to do with other people, e.g. if á I haven't visited my older relatives for a while.
When I was caught with my girlfriend in the house at night.
I reproached my mother's cooking and criticised her á personality, and she felt hurt and depressed.
Did not get up early enough to watch my class football team á playing against another team.
When once my mother asked me to do some work for her at home á because she was busy and moreover this work was to be done by a á man. But it remained undone.
When an event took place in another's life and which I thought I á could have avoided.
A friend was going to come stay the weekend with me, but á something came up and I cancelled out on him.
I had promised to call a girl but I did not do it.
A friend asked to borrow my notes and I did not give them away á (my notes too badly written)
I felt guilty when I failed to take an exam though I had had á enough time to read for it but I hadn't made use of it.
I felt guilty because of the pain I caused to a very close á friend. But over the feeling of guilt, my conviction of being á right dominated.
I was pregnant and thought that by not having the baby I would á hurt the father like he did me regardless of the life we had á created.
When they found out that I was absent from school, I had gone to á the girl's secondary school.
At my job, I got disproportionately angry with a child.  My á reaction was not as it should have been.
When I spanked a child in anger and later regretted it terribly.
I felt guilty when I had taken the car keys and I had an accident á but as my parents did not know who was to blame, they punished my á brother because I had no driving licence and they thought it á impossible that had driven the car.
I had found out that I was pregnant. I talked it over with my á boyfriend and he was unsupportive - yet encouraged an abortion - á I did.
I promised to fulfill an errand. Later I understood it was á impracticable. The explanation I gave was accompanied by a sense á of guilt.
[ The same as in shame.]
Did not return the library book on time.
Last year I put off an exam for the autumn session without á knowing if there was a supplementary examination session. When I á came home with my exam unpassed I felt guilty before my parents á when I remembered how much they had done for me.
I added a little   ?   to a yield in an experiment to get more of á a yield.
Some boys talking about nicknames of the lecturers, and I was too á afraid of them to stop them.
Eating the last remains of dinner that someone else (unknown to á me) had claimed.
I was involved in a ... attempt on a man I had developed a close á warming relationship with. Although I knew I had done everything á I could and that his progress of a "normal" life was poor I felt á guilty as if I could have done more.
I had asked the Salvation Army to take away a piece of furniture á of mine, but I forgot to cancel the agreement (a friend of mine á took it) and I thereby caused the Salvation Army people some á unnecessary work.
The sense of guilt came over me too, when I interrupted my á studies. Why ? Because I felt guilty before my parents ! They á believed in me though this event did not make them disbelieve me.
I couldn't fulfill a request of a girlfriend of mine, though I á categorically promised her and I believed there wouldn't be any á hindrance. It was partly for objective reasons but also because á I couldn't organize myself.
Not being a good host for a friend from a far away place.
[ I speak harshly to my parents though they only mean my own á good.]
I had thrown with the ashtray a still lighted cigarette in the á plastic wastepaper basket. It had burnt out and my landlords made á me a row that I might had set their flat on fire.
I did badly in one of the vital exams, despite getting proper á guidance from my parents.  I felt guilty of improper use of the á chances provided to me.
I remember about an unpleasant event in relation to my mother. I á felt guilty before her.
I had quarelled with a friend of mine and I later realized that á it was also my fault.
I couldn't fulfill a promise.
Could not buy a reference book because I got up too late to cue.
I didn't visit a very close friend at the hospital and some days á later he died.
Car accident, hurt three of my closest family.
When I reproached my friend because I was myself low-spirited and á disappointed.
[ No response.]
When my library books were overdue and I did not have the money á to pay for them.
A sense of guilt before my parents when I had to discountinue my á studies in the first year because of unpassed exams.
I felt guilty when I spent a night at my boyfriend's place, á particularly because I had been harsh and spiteful when I had á left home.  The reason was that I feared a possible discussion on á the subject and I wanted to leave defiantly.
When I blamed my niece for misplacing my book, she denied having á touched or seen it but I carried on insisting that it was her.
Being disloyal with persons I loved.
When I didn't study for tests in High School. In particular  á remember a physics test. I didn't study because my friends talked á me out of it and we did something else boring. I felt so helpless á just being there - then guilt set in because I was very close to á getting an A in the class.
Made a misjudgement in a football match.
When I had lied to a friend/son about some things we had á discussed and I had to be one better.
I was of the opinion that 12.00 pm was too early to be back at á home after going out, so I stayed away longer, knowing that my á mother would be worried.
One day my mother went to visit her friends.  When she came back á she scolded me for not having kept the house in order, so I á decided not to talk to her.
We had had a party the night before and we still had some liquors á left the morning after. I went to the kitchen pretending to á prepare some tea and was caught by my fiancee pouring some rum á down my throat.
[ No response.]
When I decided to move away from my parent's home, my mother told á me that it was as if a part of her had been torn out of her.
On Reberbahn, I was in a "restaurant" where drinks were á overpriced.  I did not ask for the prices beforehand, and when á the bill came I could not pay the bill.
I felt guilty at being part of the successful people. Felt guilty á at being a student when other people were not. Guilt about being á a potential success in various areas of society. (So stupid this á emotion)
When I acted in a negative way at a certain moment by laziness á to concede a moment of the time I thought to be my own.
At a party, I started talking to a guy I had seen in one of my á classes. My boyfriend felt awkward and left to talk to a friend á but kept on looking at me as I talked.
Once I quarrelled with my sister and after this I deliberately á messed up her belongings.
I read about the national and social spirit and self-discipline á of the people of developed coutries like U.S.A, England, France, á Germany etc.  Comparing this to the Indian people I felt guilty á as they have no national spirit or self-discipline.
When I caused needless anxiety to a person close to me because of á my lack of self-insight.
Not attending school, when  am not sick - but in need of mental á rest. Staff on your return query your "sickness" - it is easier á in N.Z. to be sick, rather than confide other personal reasons á etc.
Late for a lecture and therefore missed it.
My friend had trouble and I was not able to help him.
Once I promised to do something but I didn't do it.
Not getting the class paper in time for the lecture.
I was supposed to have done some things for my mother, but just á plain didn't get around to it.
I feel always guilty before my parents when I come home and have á to tell them I have failed an exam.
When I shot a bird in the head with a shotgun.
A sense of guilt I felt once when I couldn't defend the á confidence my teacher had in me and thus discrediting him at a á concert.
I am going steady with a boy, but I had sexual intercourse with á another one, and I felt guilty about it afterwards.
Unable to help my mother to cook.
Something very unpleasant happened when I was a soldier and I was á directly involved in it.
Guilt at often being unable to visit a close relative in hospital á after her death I felt very guilty and wished I had done more.
A close friend of mine was leaving for graduate school out of á state. I had arranged to gather some people together the day á before he left to be with him and have a good time, but I didn't á pay as much attention to him as I should have.
When I was responsible for getting my friend run-out in a vital á cricket match.
When I spoke ill of a fellow worker in the absence of this á person.
I remember when I was a little boy I broke a Swiss dinner set á quite involuntarily.
For the sheer pleasure of it, I quarelled with my boyfriend who was trying  á to be especially kind to me.
Not finishing homework in time.
When at times unconscienciously I speak to my mother in a high á tome but after that I am sorry and I feel guilty.
When I misled a person: I said that I would do her a á favour and didn't.
I went to go get a bike innertube fixed. I fixed it and I was á supposed to pay previously but I didn't. I said I would after I á fixed the tire. After fixing the tire, the salesperson who helped á me was gone so I walked out of the store without paying. I felt á guilty so I went inside and paid for the tire.
Forced to fill in a questionnaire.
At my Summer job a new caretaker had been employed who was my age á  but I preferred going out for lunch with the accounts personnel á rather than with him.
I was coming back home with my mother when the purse I was á carrying got stolen.  It was done so swifty that I did not á realize what had happened till much later.  A lot of money and the á keys of the house were lost.  I was guilt ridden at my á carelessness.  I felt terrible as I do not normally loose things á and this was quite important, especially the keys.á
When I hurt my sisters for no reason at all.
One night,when I was in primary 5 or 6, I felt thirsty so I á fetched the thermos to pour a cup of water for myself.  Then I á saw my brother lowering his head and I, jokingly, poured the       á water on his head.
When I realized that I avoided two good friends with whom I á always shared toys and sorrows. I made up idle stories to avoid á telling them what happened to me.
I promised my mother to come home on her birthday, but at last I á was prevented. Nevertheless it would have been possible to go but á I did not.
I was not sure whether I should help an old woman going down a á flight of stairs. I just watched her and saw how difficult it was á for her to do it.
It was about midnight and I wanted to go to the countryside (I á was in town) to watch the stars in the sky.  My mother did not á like this, in spite of it I went out for a while.  My mother got á angry.
After having been told not to take the car, I took it anyway and á felt guilty about having taken it.
By mistake I took a book from the library which was not supposed á to be loaned out.
I felt guilty after stealing a cookery book from my colleagues.
In the past I used to think that my mother was a very nagging á person.  When I started living at the hostel we had little time á to meet each other.  Whenever I went home she would take care á of me.  I gradually realized that what she had done was for my á own good.  So very time I saw her I felt guilty.
When as a 7 year old, I stole money from my mother.
I call my mother at least once a week. However last week I á completely forgot. This morning she called me, she thought I felt á ill.
When I was young, I stole some money from my mother's purse. It á wasn't very much, but I can remember when she found it gone I á felt very guilty.
When I scored the third goal to my own side at a football match á against William Murray Secondary School and we were badly á defeated.
[ No description.]
When I was scolded by my dad for bad behaviour.
I didn't tell my parents exacly what had made me so late in á getting home one night. I left out some details and somehow, I á felt I had lied to them.
I had stopped talking to a very close friend of mine.  A week á later he came over to try and make friends with me  again and á from the way he talked I felt that he was a very mean preson.
When I was in the puberty I smashed the favourite toy of my á little brother because of a fit of rage.
When my mother found me in her bedroom "stealing" sugar in her á bedroom.  According to our customs there comes a stage when a á child stops using the parents bedroom and I was well past that á age.
Our Headmaster came to our hostel. The lights were off but there á was a lot of noise. We shouted at him when he knocked at our á door. We later saw that it was the Headmaster.
When I "hated" one of mmy flatmates who was nice to me.
I felt guilty when I lost K43 for my friend when he was arrested.
Yesterday my boyfriend and I wanted to play billiards. However á there were boys playing (5 times). My boyfriend then is fed up á and chagrined. In such case I think it is my fault.
When I did something wrong in the past and denied having done it á when asked about it later.
I forgot to water the flowers in our flat and was rebuked by my á friends who share the flat with me.
I prayed unfaithfully.
A very, very close friend of mine used to come to my room to      á see me and I naver bothered to pay him a visit.  One day he asked á me the reason behind this and I gave him a shirt.
I was so excited once that I told my classmate that she was old, á this hurt her and I felt guilty.
I quarreled with my boy-friend. He said it was unfair that I á always started crying so that he had to give in.
I made an appointment to pick up someone. However I arrived á too late and she had to wait a quarter of an hour.
When I was forced to decline the invitation to my mother's 70th á birthday because of my work committments in another area.
Once I had some homework to do and I did not do it.
I know that a certain person feels very lonely, and that she á always looks forward to seeing me. However, often I am too á busy to visit her, then I feel guilty.
When I finished a love affair where I was responsible of the sad á end.
I was 4-5 years old when I hid the bicycle keys of a not very á good friend.  After a few hours I pretended that I had found á it.
A certain friend evokes positive feelings, when I am with him but á negative feelings when he is not present. I feel the need to á express those negative feelings. However, when I speak about him, á I always think: Why do I like this, he does not deserve this, but á still I do so.
Talking about someone behind their back.
Not thanking relatives for a favor done.
When I had beaten my auntie.
I had promised to say goodbye to a person who was going on a á trip, and I did not turn up.
A friend of mine got encouragement and I did not, as the á supervisor did not like me.
I had been together with my boy-friend for two and a half years, á when he got to know another girl and not even tried to conceal á that from me. I drew my conclusions and left him - I also felt a á bit guilty for what had happened.
Dad had just married his second wife (my step-mother) and I did á not like her so I went to the wardrobe and set fire to her á dresses.  Eveyone suspected my brother and he had to bear the á consequences.  Nobody ever got to know that it was me who had á done it.
After having told an authority figure a very large lie I was told á she believed me, because she believed I had never lied to her.
I broke a glass of glycerine at the Z.C.B.C store in Ndola.
One day I took a packet of sweets from a certain Grocery at á Nathenje. Then later on I started to feel guilty and realised á that I had done a wrong thing to him.
I was cold to my sister without meaning it, just because I was á upset and frustated.
When I was in P3 I was always punished as I would forget to do my á homework.  The first time that I was punished and not allowed to á leave school, I slipped out of school.
I was walking quite quickly and unthinking through a children's á playground, when a toddler ran in front of me I knocked him over á and he hit his head quite hard and began crying.
I once torn the inner tube of a bike, that was not mine. Then I á saw it was a brand new one. I felt very guilty then.
A certain colleague of mine sent me to buy a bag of flour for him, á he gave me K20. Unfortunately I lost it.
I was going around with a girl without loving her.  Not only did á I go around with her, but we did many more things.  In the end I á was not very sincere to her.
When I had promised to do some washing for my mother and I did á not do it.  She did it herself despite her being ill.  I felt á very guilty.
I had fixed a meeting with my classmates and I missed it as I was á tired.  Besides everyone at the meeting was a stranger to me and á I did not want to make friends with them.  Whatever the reasons - I  á felt guilty.
To force someone to do something that suits me.
I spoke to my mother on the phone.  She had skin cancer and was á waiting to be operated.  I forgot to ask her the date of the á operation and just before finishing our conversation she gave me á the date in passing.
I had known the girl for a few months when I proposed to her and this á put an end to our friendship, as from then on we started á withdrawing from each other.  I liked her very much.
Guilt after fighting with my sister (for) telling her how bad she á was.
Once after falling in love, I imagined that particular girl to be á perfect and completely overshadowing my girlfriend. Afterwards I á realized that this image was not objective. I felt guilty against á both girls.
I felt guilty one day when I stole a slice of bread in a á cafeteria.
An item which belonged to a friend of mine was missing.  I had á taken it earlier and I thought that I had returnrd it so when he á asked me for it I stubbornly refused having it.  Later when I á looked for it, I found it in my room.
An accident happened to my little cousin because I had not taken á enough care of her. She fell on the floor and her hands were á hurt.
One day while we were strolling along the road one of my á friends suggested that we go and watch a blue film.  I was á curious so I went along but I felt quite guilty later.
Many years ago a friend wanted me to with her to southern Europe á and I preferred to travel alone.  I felt guilty because I wanted á to go on my own.
Borrowed someone else's towel without asking.
After I reluctantly refused to dine with a certain man on the á same table.
I cheated my boyfriend.
I get irritated with my son when he screams or is sick all over á his clean clothes.
It was when I discovered that the girl who I had proposed was a á friend's girlfriend.
During a holiday in East-Germany I got aquainted with a boy who á lived there. We started writing, but I only wrote once. I felt á ashamed because I probably was one of his sparse contacts with á western Europe.
I stole a coconut cake from a reception table and when I put á in my mouth I realized that the host was watching me.
I had to undergo an operation in Summer and so my family had to á stay at home during the holidays.  I felt guilty, above all á because of my brothers.
When I used to tell Mum I was going somewhere else than where I á was (going).
We were at secondary school and I was making a lot of noise.  The á teacher came to ask us as to who was making all the noise.  I did á not own up so the  whole class was punished.
After an exam I was in a very bad mood as I had done it very       á badly.  At home, my mother took so long to ask me how things had  á gone that I lost my temper.  I overreacted and made my mother cry. á She still prepared lunch for me and did not scold me .  Suddenly, á I thought that it was my fault and I started crying.  á
I remember deceiving my brother, I told him that I was going to á attend the Sunday service, instead I went out to the town with a friend.
Once in my homes yard, I was plaing football with my cousin and á in a certain quick the ball went on uncontrolled putting down a á bird-cage, killing it.
When I failed an exam I thought I could pass easily.
When I cancelled an appointment with an idle story. Afterwards á it appeared that the person had looked forward to it and reserved á time for it.
When I was driving my car, I wanted to pick something from the á floor of the car and drove into the guide-rail. I thought that I á should not have done that and felt guilty.
One day, I was alone on duty when a patient choked while eating.  á I ran to her and tried to make her breath, but it was too late.
Sometime back I came across a certain man who was badly beaten by á some people because he was found raping the wife of the village á headman.
I knew I had to take an exam very soon but yet I couldn't start á studying. I also knew it was very imprtant to succeed the exam á this time.
When I was rude to my mother and got angry with her.
A certain woman had asked me to make something for her and I kept á putting it off.  When I finally made it, I did not see her for á days only to be told one day that she had collapsed and died.  I á felt quite guilty as she had jokingly said that I might not do á what she had requested me to do.
I send a word to my boss through my servant telling him that I á would not report for work as I was not feeling well and that the   á doctor had refused to give me sick leave.  My intention was á actually to go out of Lusaka for a week-end.  I left the same day á and the following morning my boss found me in Mongu.  I felt á guilty when asked to explain things on my return.
The first time that I "played with myself" despite being a á Christian.  I had read in the bible that it was wrong to make á love to someone one is not married to.
I slapped my sister's daughter and after several hours, she had a á high temperature and she ended up being admitted in hospital.
When I have to take exams I am very excited and have not much á time for the housekeeping. Then my friend has to do everything.
A child was admitted in hospital with Meningitis. I was asked to á do lumber puncture to obtain Celebral Spinal fluid for diagnostic á purposes. Since the condition was already bad, the child died as á soon as I finished the procedure.
I had lunch with my ex-boyfriend and did not mention it to my á fiancee.  I felt guilty despite the fact that I felt nothing for á my ex-boyfriend.
When I splashed a child by not slowing down while driving á through a puddle of water.
I failed to keep a promise and this had a serious effet on someone's á problem.
My younger sister wanted to take classes to learn a musical á instrument.  One Saturday morning my mother asked me to go with        á her for the registration.  I did not want to go  so I said that á there might be many bad people at the club.  As a resullt my á sister was scolded by my mother.
A few weeks ago I thought about an exam I had to take soon. I á remembered this just before I had to go to sleep. I felt guilt á because at the beginning of the year I planned to succeed.
Eating too much I felt guilty afterwards because I knew I á shouldn't have overeaten as I'm putting on too much weight.
When I was fighting with my elder brother I unintentionally hurt   á him in the eye with a wooden bar.  I felt guilty and feared that á he would be blind, fortunately he recovered after 15 days.
I felt guilt to have come back from home without seeing my father. á When I went home he was at work.
When I had broken a piece of glass of the refrigerator by putting á a hot pan in it.
I felt guilty when I was given a prize which belonged to someone á else.
It was on January 1st 1985 when I accidentally broke a Fanta á bottle in a certain bottle store in Zomba.
When my friends and I were caught with our girlfriends outside á the school grounds when I was at the secondary school.  We were á caught by the headmaster.
I was trying to have sex with my best friend's girl but she did á not agree to it.
Not doing something I had promised.
One night, I went out with some friends for dinner and I did not á tell my parents that I would come back late.  I thought of á phoning but in the end I did not.  When I arrived home, my á parents were very worried.
After the death of a girl who I disliked.
Family discord and uneasiness due to something I did not á communicate on time.
On a telephone talk where I was agressive and stupid without the á least, reason or better motive.
While playing basketball I broke a team member's spectacles.  His á face was injured by the  pieces of glass.  It was not serious but á I felt guilty and blamed myself for being too careless and á vigorous in my game.
When I feigned sick leave from work.
[ I can not remember anything in particular.  What I can remember á is feelings of having done or said something which then had á negative consequences.]
