When I met a good friend of mine after a long time. 
When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL. 
My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who á made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful á future, who made me dream. 
When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the á examinations she was about to take. 
My first kiss. 
When passing the final examinations for social worker. 
I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played á games and talked all evening. 
I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends. 
In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got á me a three day furlough. 
When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity. 
After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had á got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he á feels glad. 
When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well. 
When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my á second year. 
When I was admitted to the Sofia University. 
In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy. 
Receiving notification that I had made a successful application á to the Speech Therapy course at Uni, gave me a very good feelig á of achievment and joy. 
When I found out I had passed all of my university exams. 
Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda) á spent some time afterwards in her apt. 
Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great. 
At my sister's wedding. 
The more than satisfactory result of a recently-completed á university subject was communicated to me by phone. 
Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very á close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes. 
My admittance to the University. 
My parents came to visit me. 
I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings á in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with á complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the á hand of the other person, etc... 
When my brother gave me a watch. 
When I passed the university entrance exam. 
I was studying in the library and a class-mate told me that she á had obtained a grant to work in the library. 
After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more á glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me. 
I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God. 
After being away on a holiday for 2 months, a friend, who lived á interstate, had remembered when I'd get back and phoned to á welcome me home on the night of my arrival. 
As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the á atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists. 
I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite á unexpected. 
I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the á leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not á want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.  á Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got á good results at school. 
Good dinner on the National Day. 
I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working á place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at á the Higher Agricultural Institute. 
When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to á be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed á for it. 
When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film á marathon I wanted to see. 
When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I á needed to buy something I had been planning to buy. 
I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the á University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I á myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When á the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other á situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of á them. 
Watching the Asian Olympic game (China winning). 
My class winning against another class in a football match. 
When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid á look stupid. 
I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I á really wanted to go. 
My son was born. 
I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is á studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.  á Her arrival is always a joyous one. 
It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could á at last be with the people I wanted to see. 
I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long á time. 
Family member survived an operation. 
The birth of my child. 
When I entered University. 
A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We á became reconciled. 
Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes, á without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw á the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really á liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for á me. 
I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil) á from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became á No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour. 
Selling my used car. 
I worked at a lawyer's office during Summer and I got a very á good reference from him. 
Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for á one question (the question was graded by the professor and he á indicated he liked my answer). 
When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly. 
When I had a psychical crisis, I met a girl, who told me that she á had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome á them. 
When I was successful at my work I was full of joy. 
That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly á 9,000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy á came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people á selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the á L.S.H.S. 
When I passed an exam. 
When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.  á Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out á well and we enjoy ourselves. 
This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to á start Form I in October 1980. 
When I got my drivers licence. 
On meeting an old friend of mine. 
I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade á eight. 
Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture. 
I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting á for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly, á inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful á that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think "what á others are thinking of me".  It was delightful to dance to one's á heart content. 
Joy at meeting a woman I love very much. 
When I got a letter from home. 
When I attended the concert of a pop singer. 
I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back. 
My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they á adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport. 
Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for á pharmacy completed. 
Had a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me). 
Having received an offer to do post-graduate work. 
When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been á successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant á training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by á dancing to music from the Radio cassette. 
I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games. 
After a long time I saw my boy-friend again. 
After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I á passed my last exam. 
Talking to a close friend. 
When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished á with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one á which I had desired a lot. 
The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of á economics. 
Found out that the girl I love loves me, too. 
My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly, I was á very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed á to care for me. 
A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many á friends were present and good music. 
A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and á invited me for a party. 
When I passed and qualified for the university. 
When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar, á after baving tried for a long time. 
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary á school leaving certificate exam. 
When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby. 
I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks.  I was very á happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc (part I) á examination where I got 71.5%.  This was the highest marks I have á ever scored in my life. 
Getting the top price in the football pools. 
When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although á I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near. 
Renewed contact with an earlier friend. 
When my girl and I decided to get back together after our á separation. 
New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the á steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the á first time. 
I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading. 
When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing á well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd á taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last á 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for á Council. 
When I got my B.A degree with first class. 
When my sister was born. 
I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my á friend and my fiancT, I was happy because of their spiritual and á moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, á I felt it in my soul. 
A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in á England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it     á showed that she still remembered me. 
When I heard that a good friend, who had been abroad for a long á time, would come and see me. 
When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football á and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought á our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no á one expected we would win. 
When my father was saved from a severe work accident. 
A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, á sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday. 
One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to á somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad. 
I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind á at school and I was only in form II then. 
I unexpectedly got a present from my father. 
On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a á bird.(swans of the bay) 
When I received the acceptance letter from UNZA.  I had just á come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe á which I opened and was overcome with joy. 
When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go á there, if I wished, in Summer. 
When my father managed to begin a "new life" after the divorce á from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me. 
I got a present from a great friend (a dog). 
Inter-national sports events won by my favourite national team or á player brings me joy, e.g when India won the World cup cricket á match. 
I was on holidays, and I was going to meet a friend whom I had á not seen for six months.  Again I felt very happy. 
When I got a small present form a person I like very much. 
The day the results of the university entrance exam was á published, I found my canditate number and I was very excited. 
A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than á me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her á own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship). 
[ Any situation in everyday life has this emotional sense, in á class, in the street, at home, at the table..........] 
[ When I have achieved what I wanted to achieve, I feel the above á stated emotion. Also when I am sucessful.] 
When I was in the sauna bath. 
Going to a friend's wedding and seeing many of my old friends á whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years á previously. 
When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at á Kasungu town Hall. 
Relating to my closest family. 
When I won a tennis match. 
I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced á at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies á depended on it. 
My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received á the presents. 
Reading a nice book and talking about it to my friend. 
When I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework. 
I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw á structure. 
When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was á unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not á surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought. 
The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a á Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences. 
When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one á stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy. 
I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 á months without seing each other. 
When I had a good result in the certificate examination. 
Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told á me that although he told me he was going to take me to the á concert, he didn't want to see me anymore. After that we stayed á overnight and I said "well, when he leaves me I will be ruined á for awhile, but for now we're together." I woke up in his arms á and it was the happiest moment of my life. 
Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures. 
It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my á astrologycal map with the explanations of a psychologist. 
I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had á not seen for two years. 
My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after á having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway á station to meet him. 
I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate á result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 4-5 á times.  Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck. 
Relatives visiting me. 
When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the á university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola á secondary school. 
When my brother was born. 
When I passed my B.A exams. 
Getting my accentance letter from CAL. 
My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our á childhood, and we had a very happy time. 
That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the á higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very á carefully and found that my results were much better than I á had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My á diligence had paid and I was very happy. 
When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a á period in which he felt very depressive. 
I got an A in anatomy - the first one I have ever gotten in a á science class here. 
The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and á joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she á had a child. 
I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was á a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had á arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the á flat. 
When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on á my studies and do a M.A. , I was very happy. 
[ A successful lesson.] 
In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small á picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and á cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had á for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it. 
I felt joy when I entered at the University. 
After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again. 
When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to  á graduate from their courses. 
When my last year's second semester results came through - I was á ecstatic. 
A good report card (a scholarship) in primary school. 
Finding out that I am not ill (not seriously). 
When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had á hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night á out in 20 years. 
I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I á have done things good in relation to other people especially when á my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him. 
When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And á most important she also liked me. 
My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up á on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two á mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, á it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house. 
When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of á separation. 
When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour. 
When I was with someone I love. 
When I passed a very important exam. 
I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few á friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt á at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and á praised God in my heart. 
I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship á grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found á out how he felt about me. 
A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything á turned out fine. 
The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, á as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the á situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's á out of me. 
My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984. 
During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close   á friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my á application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had á been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the á list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was á really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all á day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the á good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my á studies. á 
One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was á spontaneous and lots of fun. 
When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment á "myself" i.e on my own initiative. 
Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I á will contribute to China's catching up with the West in á neuropsychology). 
When I knew the feelings of a beloved person. 
I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was á worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I á had passed. 
The time I qualified to enter secondary school. 
Getting into this university to do medicine. 
First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best á friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved á emotionally. 
When I won an unexpected sum of money. 
Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian á Olympic. 
After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had á passed all my written examinations. 
When I won the best prize in the National science fair. 
This happened a year when I was having a hard time, I got á admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission. 
I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm.  á We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern á of my friends. 
At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary á student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel á very happy. 
I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female á friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged á and had a long talk. 
When my first niece was born. 
I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I á was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and á I was rejoycing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely. 
When I got a record as a gift from a friend. 
My best friend chosen for your English lectures. 
I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I á was completely healthy. 
When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks á overtime. 
After attending a song contest proposed by a band called "Chyne" á we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in á front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was á time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall á for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They á were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he á had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each á other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We á were together for about an hour and during this time we felt á that they were very sincere. 
When I received my promotion letter. 
On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By á chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for á the dress-rehearsal of "Aida". It was a different world for us á full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic á pizza in a restaurant near the "Arena". 
When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the á Bachelor Degree in Plychology. 
[ A chat on the telephone with a friend.] 
It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my á M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the á event. 
I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first á year examination and was among the thirty students who would á major in economics. 
I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that á I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health á Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat. 
After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was á very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative. 
When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while. 
When my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date. 
When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult á education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought á a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience.á 
I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in á February. 
When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the á final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies á was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in á the competition. 
My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and á had not had time alone together for almost a month until one á afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered á and ate together. 
Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They á were special people to me. 
I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for á a long period, my father came back home. 
When I met my mother after months of absence. 
I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long á period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night á together. 
I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been á classified in a national concourse of p... I felt happy and á vanity about it. 
When I met a friend that I hadn't seen for some time. 
The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call á from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of á the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was á an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I á had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists. 
When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male á creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart á for all her life. 
I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job. 
When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and á brought some flowers and cake with him. 
When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a á baby girl.  That was what I wanted. 
I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a á good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents á and through them from the pupils. 
I felt very happy when I won the football pools. 
China winning the Asian Olympic games (TV). 
I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be á announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results á were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy. 
When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back á home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time. 
When I won a trip to Greece in a competition. 
When my special friend said "I love you" for the first time. 
I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition. á  In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored  á the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell á down. 
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a á University course. 
When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy. 
My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the á music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of á going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for á admission. 
Scoring a goal in football match. 
Meeting an old friend from high school. 
A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too á because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I á feel joy for her mainly. 
Always when I meet the person I love. 
When I qualified for form I.  I was one of the three pupils who á qualified for form I that year. 
It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the á U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy á knew no bounds. 
After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and á got a good write up in the paper. 
When I won some coins in a small competion. 
When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of á medicine. 
When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very á good and we were very satisfied. 
I received a letter of acceptance from UNZA. 
When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank á and danced. 
When I was acceptted as a student of psychology. 
When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and á soul. 
Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : cozyness, beer and á wine. 
My last genetices midterm - a decent grade. 
My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before á having finished my studies. 
When my elder brother, who had gone abroad to study  for six á years, came back home safe and in good health. 
I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born. 
When I was 17, I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling á light, which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became á unimportant, I heard or saw the words "overcome egotism". The á feeling of joy remained for month after that experience. 
When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after       á a long illness.  I had thought that this illness would never end. 
When I received the acceptance form for the second year at á university. 
When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought á the cloth after months of hindrances. 
When I passed the driving test (on the second try). 
When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my á school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was á extremely official. 
When we got a young dog. 
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to á come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing. 
Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months á overseas. 
After my vacations, one day after a lecture it occured to me to á buy a rose for my mother.  We went together to a pub and my á mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring.  I á did not known about it and so was all the more glad. 
During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy á I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I á like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me ......... 
Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. á Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their á group, although it was late in the evening. 
I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying á colours and that I had made it to the university. 
For a few days I felt very miserable, distressed and listless, á with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy, although á there was no special reason. 
Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games. 
The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania. 
Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special á occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my á family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process á which have been going on for centuries. 
After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great á joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the á whole of my studies. 
When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit. 
When I received the first year results as the first year had á involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the á results. 
When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned á my love. 
During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected á a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an á A - I was ecstatic. 
The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend. 
When I got through the first day here at the department. 
When I was selected for higher education, i.e grade 7 to formI. 
I bought a Christmas present for my girl-friend. On my way home I á was really glad about having found such a suitable thing. 
I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed á about it, I felt joy. 
At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my á friend. 
I was "best man" at my brother's wedding a year ago. 
In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I á was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy. 
I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time. 
When I was told that I had passed the exams. 
When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel á but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again. 
When I passed an exam which I had failed last year. 
It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was á during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while á handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and á we were together till 8 P.M. 
My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones. 
[ On days when I feel close to my partner and other friends.  á When I feel at peace with myself and also experience a close á contact with people whom I regard greatly.] 
When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was á informed by a message and my parents congratulated me. 
When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the á rest of the family for the winter sports holiday. 
I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage. 
When I heard that I had passed the second year exams. 
When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen á her for 4 months. 
Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like, which á revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had á thought possible. 
When I fell in love with "X".  Overnight I felt confidence, self-esteem,    á responsible and worthwhile. 
When I got the first compound through column. 
After intercourse. 
Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager - first overseas trip - á something "exhilarating" about the change of scenery etc. 
A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period. 
When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school á mate. 
Getting a phone call from a very old friend. 
A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhems with a friend. á Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was á shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long á time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full á speed. 
When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in á Sk+vde. 
A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When á we met again, we ran up to each other and embraced. 
When I bought my car. 
I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. á Because everything turned out different from my expectations. á Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a á student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the á beginning of September. 
Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 á fourth movement at my sister's wedding. 
When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first á division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well. 
When  fell in love with my present girlfriend. 
As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more á anxious.  My friend called me and said, " You have passed."  My á heart was full of joy. 
I'd just got the top mark in an exam. 
I received a letter from a distant friend. 
When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics. 
When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks. 
One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then á realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to á have them as friends. 
One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There á was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere. 
Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a á year. 
When I was admitted to a certain school as a student. 
Being in love for the first time. 
When I passed the grade 7 exam. 
[ When my performance (homework or other work) is better than others.] 
When I was selected for the university. 
Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second á birthday. 
When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at á the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had á passed. I was the happiest person. 
I shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match. 
I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day á the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my á candidature number. 
This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination á and was selected for Secondary School. 
It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on á the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept á quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk. 
When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I á finished my last exam. 
When last year in college I received the award "Best Student of the Year", á   I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had á been fulfilled.á 
When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining á low marks, but they were much higher than expected. 
The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of á us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had á no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got á engaged. 
When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people á and close friends. 
After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That á feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good á grade for an examination. 
I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for á me, I was very glad. 
Saw on TV China winning the gold medals. 
When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time. 
Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV á dealer. 
I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for á a long time (a good letter). 
There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a á Medical Assistant. 
I had a friend who I didn't see for a long time. We had a á relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that á one year that I didn't see her. She appeared in my home and we á talked. 
When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered á from an illness,etc. 
When my father bought me a suit. 
I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short á time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt á very happy because I had great esteem for that person. 
The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School. 
Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me á happy.  They are my closest friends and we had not seen each á other for a long time. 
When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a á long time. 
On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we á spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we á won the jackpot of SEK 1000. 
When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant á Training. 
When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling á me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a á clinical pilot study. 
A night spent with a group of friends. 
When my daughter was born. 
Getting into this university. 
Hear a very nice joke made by a friend. 
When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of á these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of á me having topped I could not believe it. 
I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed. 
The last time I had sex. 
A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him. 
When I had my four children. 
I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free á University in Driebergen. 
After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in á 1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the á Examination when the results were out. 
I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I á went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it á really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its á life. 
When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting á changes in my life, and I became happy. 
When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional á life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this á possibility, not the real fact (even because until now ...) 
After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very á happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class. 
When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was á surprised and happy as the result was better than I had á expected. 
I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell á the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by á it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we á had the apartment. 
For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very á happy. 
Going to Chico to visit a friend. 
When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt á well and very happy for being able to express to myself something á that was suffocating me. 
When I got my B.Sc degree with first class. 
Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking, á picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls. 
When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a á moment. 
A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me á from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the á time for an informal "greeting" in the church service. She said a á few words. 
The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and á they couldn't have been nicer. As soon as I walked in, Mum kissed á me, then Dad, and thanked me for the birthday presents I'd left á for him, including a very sentimental birthday card. 
After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue á my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I á would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the á selected candidates list I was overjoyed. 
I got a job right after school was over. 
The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in á it, for my fiancT and I had bought it yet in plans, and it seemed á to us that this was almost impossible to happen. 
I was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks. 
I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry á examination. 
I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on á the way home. 
Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from á boarding school on accrediting leave. 
On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long á time. 
Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence. 
When I met my mother after not having seen her for three years. 
I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful á in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was á selected for Secondary School. 
Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on á some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and á sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys á "Surfin'USA". I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL á was good. I still have it somewhat. 
Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply. 
When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice, á and his attitude made me glad. 
I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and á discovered how many people considered me important to them. 
I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that á didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me. 
Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage. 
When my elder sister had a baby girl.  She was the first girl in á the family after 19 years of baby boys. 
When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance á exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly. 
When my love for a guy was returned. 
China winning the Asian Olympic games. 
When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at á the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere. 
Getting back with my boyfriend after a year away - apart. 
Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction á from the realization of one's desires and aims. 
I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had á passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer. 
When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final á of the Europe Cup at Athens. 
I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. á When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out á of 80 students hence I felt joy. 
When I received the results from my final examination - Higher á School Certificate - and received a mark that was beyond my á wildest expectations. 
When my son was born. 
Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had á been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was á very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy á and full of joy. 
After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's á place. 
When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my á standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend. 
When I passed the B.A exams with first class results. 
Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through á police. 
Talking to a close friend. 
I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural á Institute. 
When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job, a á boyfriend, etc. A specific sutuations, was when I started to date á a boy whom I liked for a long time. 
Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time. 
Going to see a good film with my best friend. 
At a success of mine, at a real achievement. 
After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried á home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling á his body. 
When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an á impulsive kiss. 
I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no á visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card á and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was á working now. 
I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two á points in front before the last relay. We won the relay, which I á swam in, and thus my team won the championship. 
I was travelling in the South of Brasil, near the end of the á year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M., á somebody, also with us, took from his purse pints of all colours, á and the 4 of us, and other friends, that were at the same beach, á painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne. 
I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be á in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep á and eat for one week. 
When I was offered a high position of trust, which I later á accepted. 
When I passed an important exam. 
Good news about a sick relative. 
When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a á long time. 
The birth of my first child. 
My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my á place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had á come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind á me. 
When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I. 
I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my á boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling. 
When I was accepted for my third year (G-10) at my former á secondary school. 
When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something á you have striven to. 
A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to á enter on University in Dallas, and was approved. 
When I qualified for form I. 
I found a human "treasure" that I desired and got immediately. I á didn't think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I á am whole. 
When I was selected to study here at UNZA. 
When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long á separation. 
When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school. 
When I was selected to the university of Zambia. 
When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire. 
A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at á a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the á sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness á and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music. 
The day I got a letter from the U.G.C informing me that I had á been awarded the junior research fellowship. 
When I was accepted at UNZA. 
When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I á had waited a long time for this to occur. 
When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to á change the working environment. 
When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion á ball. 
Thought had discovered true love. 
I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in á an exam.  She told me that I had passed. 
When I made the winning goal during a very important football á game. 
This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had  á thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in á all my courses. 
My friend told me he really likes me. 
When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a á journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time. 
The day when my son said for the first time "mummy". 
When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often á happenes. 
When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems. 
Two years ago, somebody I like very much wanted to give up his á studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he á was going to do, not only of the difficulty to find a job but also á because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the á test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we á found out that he succeded in entering at the University. 
When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing á after several months absence (I was not needed during this time). 
When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there, when á I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him á is not based on my performance - that he loves me unconditionally á and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need á forgiveness. 
When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever á cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to á learn that it was me who was delaying things. 
When I saw my brother in Church, and publically accept Jesus á Christ as his saviour and Lord. 
I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much. 
Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her á abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our á suprise she had a baby 2 months back. 
Made a wonderfull new friend. 
After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my á scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I á realized that my decision was right - and was very glad. 
In the underground's escalator, a youngish bum asked me for á money.  Although I did not give him anything, the fellow told me á that I was really good-looking.  A man who was in front of me á also turned to look at me. 
I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress á award, while our play got the first place. 
At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging á that fact to members of family and friends. 
Made a wonderful driend who understands me. 
When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was á very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me. 
I have a new born child. 
During the period of falling in love, each time that we met and á especially when we had not met for a long time. 
When I was admitted to the University. 
Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first á in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was á most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends. 
Being chosen to do this experiment. 
When planning to marry. 
When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy. 
When I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA. 
I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I á heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to á attend a wedding ceremony. 
My father promoted to be a professor. 
When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was á pregnant. 
I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard á from a good friend (from my home town). 
I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard á about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first. 
On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my á bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the á Lilongwe School for Health Scienced in Lilongwe. 
When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school á (with success). 
For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them. 
I had not studied very much for my final examination at school, á so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral á examination was not very hard for me - the more I was glad when I á heard that I had passed it. 
I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the á Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.  á Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with á them very joyfully. 
When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some á weeks. 
I went to visit friends and it was very companionable. 
When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me á alone for a few years. 
My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very á close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought á one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that á we have a great new design - it's always the same. 
I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very á much. 
I went to fetch my girl-friend at the station. When the train á arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me, I felt á glad. 
Birth of children. 
The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university. 
This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact á a few years ago. 
In a day when at work, in school, and relationships came out as I á wanted, and I was recognized in my work. 
When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M.Sc á research, I was very happy.  This is because my research was based á on this type of reactions and compounds. 
The day I finished my military service. 
A friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly. 
When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after á having been sick for a week. 
Article published in the college newspaper. 
When I got engaged to a boy of my choice. 
When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to á win the Cup of England. 
A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close á to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside á myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly á solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him. 
My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week á the physician told him that he was restored to health. 
When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the á teaching staff of one of the medical colleges. 
When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost á SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years. 
When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved á because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it. 
I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my á siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the á party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A á guy called and said, in effect, that I was "nice" and he liked á me. Hence the emotional joy. 
When I found out I got accepted to Berkeley. 
When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with á him. When I see again another I miss. 
Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of á separation from summer. 
When I passed the B.A exams with first class results. 
When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in á love already some time ago. 
When I got the loan for my studies. 
A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present. 
When I got my results - I had passed the form III exams.  I had á not expected to do so well. 
Being elected as class leader. 
At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It á was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have á such good friends. 
On my birthday, when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet á of flowers. 
The man I am going around with gave me a very special present. 
When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university. 
My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at á the station. 
When I gave birth to a healthy boy. 
When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents. 
I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of á Education. 
I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the á vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really á surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it á there was worry - how shall I succeed ? 
When I was selected to come here. 
When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a á fortnight. 
After going through much shame, I became a Christian and á something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was á manifest in me. 
It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents á after being refused for three times on grounds that she should á first write her examination. 
[ I am joyfull to be alive every night.] 
Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of á Nijmegen) for a while. 
After a long time (of no communication with him, physical á illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected á to see him. 
When my little sister was born. 
Receiving a letter from a boy I care. 
When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively. 
An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long á separation. 
Having passed an exam. 
When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college. 
I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months. á  I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we á went there because we knew we would meet there. 
Football was a very big deal at my high school, so I was joyous á when my school's team won the conference championship last year. 
When I was admitted to the University. 
When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very á surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends. 
My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really á happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me á made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another á person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she á asked me. 
My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it á meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer. 
When I entered in the University after a year of struggles. 
During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends, á after not having seen them for six months. 
I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting á for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a  á woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I á was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found á him. 
When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having á thought it possible. 
I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let á me go out alone for the first time. 
The day I heard that I passed the high school exam. 
The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving á Certificate Examinations. 
When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and á I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain. 
First public speaking. 
After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post á graduation course, however the situation was not very favourable á for me and I was upset.  Suddenly, Bombay university offered me a á seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies.  á This happened last year and was very pleasant for me. 
Got a big fish in fishing. 
I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was á not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve á the pains of a patient. 
[ Being close to another person.] 
When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 á months ago. 
It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the á first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close. 
On a sailing boat at night, under a full moon, listening to Pink á Floyd, drinking good wine, with good company, the boat being á steered by autopilot, and a full eclipse of the moon. 
When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I á like. 
Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me á emotionally. 
When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many á people about my applying for this institute and I decided to á prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any á preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own. 
When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I á had not expected. 
When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was á happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to á have a good time without alcohol. 
After each successfully passed exam I am happy. 
When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of á 3's, 4's and 5's (7 is the highest mark awarded, 3 is a conceded á pass). 
When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and  á cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have  á said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad  á impression of me. 
I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing 
I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty á days. 
I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love á with me. 
I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a á telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which á I had been waiting. 
When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a á very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems. 
One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a á motorcycle through my own efforts. 
I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not á study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult á test. 
When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature á number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was á satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I á only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded. 
My boyfriend returned after a long absence. 
When I finished my exams after 12th Grade, I was worried about á getting a T.E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found á that I had been accepted I was ecstatic, or more appropriately, á could jump for joy. 
When I found out that the girl, with whom I was in love, loved me á too. 
When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a á kindergarten. 
When I received the result slip of the higher level examination á (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good á possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very á excited. 
Receiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday. 
I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I á rejoyced at my success. 
I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance á of the team was very good and the team members were full of á spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored á I felt excited. 
A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on á holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go á on holiday. 
When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the á night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey. 
I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his  á departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer á holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us. 
Being together with my best friend. 
My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write á letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good á relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he á loved me. 
Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two á days, and feeling I did well on them. 
Talking to my close friend. 
I passed an exam which I thought I had failed. 
Passed the last exam. 
The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for á a B.A at UNZA.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be á selected. 
Bulgaria won a football match against France. 
When I saw my family after a separation of one year. 
I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my á friends. 
When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was á very good and would soon get into the ballet academy. 
Accepted by the college football team. 
When, after a long time of searching I got my first job. 
When I attended my cousin's 31st birthday. 
My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted á to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how á things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it á was really good - though really insane conversation. 
When I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time. 
When I got through the examination for my driver licence, and á when I finished I knew I had passed it. 
When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would á be definately selected to the university of Zambia. 
I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter á to UNZA.  This happened again when I passed all my first year á courses. 
I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most á of all when we are at a party. 
Someone (a boy) paid special attention to me. 
I received a grade above average on a midterm (chemistry) and I á expected onevery below average. 
When I could study at university. 
When I won my car. 
When I asked my girlfriend to marry me. 
When I get a hug from someone I love. 
Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had á previously wished to understand better. 
Getting into this university to do medicine. 
When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that á I judged very difficult. 
Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I á expected. 
A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to á the university. 
A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody á cared. 
My boyfriend made me a proposal. 
Found out my wife (girl-friend?) pregnant. 
After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my á first love called me and told me that he would always care for me á no matter what I did. 
One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in á the presence of my friends by giving me a present. 
When I first came to the campus. 
Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia - two girls with á whom I get along very well. 
On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought á me flowers. I usually do not see her very often. 
Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening á around me which pleases me. 
When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole á day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden. 
Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year. 
I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my á birthday.  I enjoyed having that present. 
When I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years. 
When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a á margin of three marks. 
The birth of my daughter. 
A recurrent lovesickness. 
After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 á examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of á acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling á me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA. 
An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses á paid. 
Going to a concert. 
Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself. 
I am not especially good at English, and after the high school á graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the á whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done á excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My á family was at home. 
The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor á said that the ear was completely all right. 
I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or á athletics. 
When I learnt that I was selected for form I. 
Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia. 
When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my á lover and future wife. 
When I had passed MCE examinations. 
A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra.  The idea á seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish á to the others. 
When I talk to my friends. 
When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me. 
When a girl I wanted very much, said "yes" and fell in love with  á me. 
When I was informed that a short story I had written had been á accepted for publication. 
This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the á last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a á high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about á the result. 
[ I can not recall one.] 
When high level results were declared, I found my candidature á number.  I was very happy as I had not expected it.  As I had been  á injured before the examination and I had performed poorly. 
When I found our my mother didn't have cancer. 
Always when I am well succeded. 
Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed á terribly. 
When I got married. 
When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine. 
Getting into this university to do medicine. 
Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work á for a week at that plan. 
When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good á one. 
When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our á relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again. 
I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very á funny. 
Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from á airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in á contact again. 
When I got the scholarship letter from Australia. 
When I was complimented and called "delightful". 
I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last á born in the family. 
I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not á expected this so I was very happy. 
Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close á friends of mine. 
I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was á nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to á remember our courting and gave me a long kiss. 
This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didn't expect to á fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted á my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money á which was just like a miracle to me. 
When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for á hours. She was in a good mood. 
I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a á presentation I'd given that I was very worried about. 
I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of á practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for "a master of sports". 
When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting. 
Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town. 
After watching the 49ers lose game after game, year after year, I á was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me á extremely happy. 
When a person that I like very much got near to me. 
When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently á went to his family. We had a very nice evening. 
When my parents complimented me very nicely on something. 
I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College á education. 
"Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your á uncle is coming back fron Canada next week," my father told me á and it was a happy moment. 
I asked someone to go out and she accepted right away. 
A party with friends on New Year's Eve. 
When my son was born. 
I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our á holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to á see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go. 
Got a present from my friend for my birthday. 
When my uncle gave me my first year's results.  I opened the á envelope and my eyes ran into two "B+" - in EC110 and M160, this á meant that I had qualified for a major in economics. 
Finding out that I can go to your English lectures. 
I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen á for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some á ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach. 
I made the college entrance examinations for P.U.C. It was what I á wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I á wasn't in. When the second list came out without hopes I started á to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and á felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold, á and 1982 became forever a mask in my life. 
I had a singing-lesson, but I was not very good. The last á exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher á seemed satisfied. 
An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their á accounts bureau.  They needed "clever people" and he had á "immediately thought of me." 
Scoared a goal in a football match. 
When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love. 
When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned á I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature á National Olympiad. 
When, to my surprise, I got to know about having got "very good" á high school graduation marks. 
While dancing in a restaurant last week. 
While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her á conception of man and work were similar to mine. 
While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever  á and amusing sketch. 
Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team á at CAL) 
Winning a game after a long time of losing. 
You told me psychology can help people to be happier. 